fixed unaccessible link to wikitext103 in HW3.2 (#8)
mryab/efficient-dl-systems: week03_fast_pipelines/homework/README.md

**ULTRA DUPER BIG BRAIN**: presort data to sample sequences smartly, preserving similar examples length in the batch

### Task

> More formally, you need to download [WikiText-103 dataset](https://blog.salesforceairesearch.com/the-wikitext-long-term-dependency-language-modeling-dataset/) and implement all the mentioned approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More formally, you need to download [WikiText-103 dataset](https://s3.amazonaws.com/research.metamind.io/wikitext/wikitext-103-v1.zip) and implement all the mentioned approaches.
```
